# Introducing [AITrends.live](AITrends.live). Get Ahead on AI!

Finding it hard to keep up with AI advances in your industry -- whether that’s Healthcare, Fintech, or e-Commerce? Curious to learn the wide range of AI concepts and techniques like GANs, GNNs, RAG, or delve into deeper areas like Explainable AI, Sustainable AI, or AI Ethics and Policy? Eager to explore how AI is revolutionizing fields like climate change, journalism, or blockchain -- or on the hunt for a job and interested in learning about innovative and recently funded AI startups in your sector?

That’s why I built AITrends.live. Here, you can read in-depth articles on 200 topics (such as the above) organized in 10 clusters, covering the latest on 25 different facets of each topic, such as:

  * Recap, news updates, evolutionary trends, future roadmap, case studies, and innovative use cases.
  * Latest research, expert Q&As generated by AI, global perspectives, challenges faced, and potential solutions.
  * Tech stack information, tech deep-dive with code snippets,tools, and platforms.
  * Insights into its ecosystem, funding and investment updates, career pathways, upskilling strategies, and community events.

Give it a try, and explore various topic and tab combinations!

## Under the hood

I used GPT4 to distill the AI firehose into 5,000 insights, arranged in a topics-by-tabs grid. I employed meta-prompting for ChatGPT-written tab ideas and prompts, recursive summarization to weave a coherent narrative through the other tabs, fresher News, Events, and Research via the Bing API, engaging content through the YouTube API, all built with Next.js and hosted on Vercel.

## Co-created with ChatGPT

More than just powering with OpenAI, it was fully co-created and built with ChatGPT. Through 3,000 chat interactions over a month, including many via voice, I brainstormed and jointly crafted everything from product ideas and design, to coding and debugging, to curating the topic hierarchy, to generating tab ideas and writing prompts, to even picking out the colors. It came up with a page-long prompt for recursive summarization that blew me away. I “meta-wrote” most of the code, guiding ChatGPT to structure logic and implement features, partnering on hard refactors, learning how to use Search and YouTube APIs, and taking its help to find and fix bugs. ChatGPT evaluated legal concerns, drafted the disclaimer, co-created the logo, and came up with the domain name. I am fascinated by how “powered by AI” has evolved from a backend technology to becoming integral in every role and function, with its contributions limited only by our imagination.

I hope AITrends.live becomes a valuable resource for you -- let me know if you have feature requests!
